

Date:

Name
Address
Address

Dear:

On behalf of the Student Life and Learning Division, welcome to Texas Lutheran University!  We are excited to welcome you to TLU.  As you prepare to enter a new community, we stand by to help you address the transitions that occur naturally at such times and it is in this regard that I am writing to you today.

The stress of a major life transition, such as leaving for a new college, may intensify existing health conditions or problems.  For this reason it is important to plan carefully for a smooth transition into college.  Part of young adults’ developing maturity is accepting primary responsibility for their own well being.  This includes taking the initiative to manage your health and wellness needs.  For some, this involves identifying, planning for, and addressing specific physical issues, medications, and/or psychiatric care.  

In this regard, I ask that you complete the Comprehensive Student Health Form which covers the basic areas of your health history.  The information you provide will confirm that you have the required immunizations and allow us to become aware of any special needs you may have.  Please note that all new incoming residential students are required to have been vaccinated against bacterial meningitis at least ten days before moving on campus.  Written confirmation of this, as well as the rest of your shot record, is required by the TLU Health Center.  I want to assure you that all information submitted is treated confidentially and within the mandates of the Federal Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).  

Our Health Center, Counseling, and Disability Services Departments provide basic health care, counseling, and facilitation of appropriate accommodations.  Should you require more intensive or on-going assistance, our staff is happy to provide support for you in your efforts to coordinate the transition of care to the Seguin area.  For example, if you will be coming to the University with a prescription for any type of medication, steps to ensure follow-up care and refilling of the prescription will need to be made.   Likewise, if you have been under the ongoing care of a mental health professional, you will need to take necessary steps to find a care provider in the Seguin area.  

If you feel that your health history may be a factor in your success at TLU, establishing a realistic plan for management before arrival on campus will be important.  Please feel free to contact staff in the appropriate office if you wish to discuss your plan or factors of which we should be aware. Cathy Anderson, R.N. (canderson@tlu.edu) will be able to address health related questions and Terry Weers, L.P.C. (tweers@tlu.edu) will be able to address mental health and disability services inquiries.

Again, we are excited to welcome you to the Texas Lutheran community.  Thank you for working with us to ensure that this transition is as smooth as possible.

Warmest Regards,



Kristi Gold Quiros
Vice President and Dean of Student Life and Learning
